Third-Party Licenses & Attributions

This project incorporates code from the following open-source libraries.
Their original copyrights and licenses are reproduced below.

1. The MicroPython Project

This project is a fork of MicroPython and incorporates its core components. The original MicroPython license is included as the LICENSE file in the root of this repository.

Copyright: Copyright (c) 2013-2023 George et al.

License: MIT License

Source: https://github.com/micropython/micropython

(The full text of the MIT License is available in the LICENSE file.)

2. micropython-esp32-ota

This project incorporates code from the micropython-esp32-ota library for Over-the-Air updates.

Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2022 Glenn Moloney

License: MIT License

Source: https://github.com/glenn20/micropython-esp32-ota

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOTT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

3. MicroPython ESP32 ULP Module

This project incorporates the micropython-esp32-ulp module for Ultra-Low-Power coprocessor support.

Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2020 ZaltOS zaltos.contact@gmail.com

License: MIT License

Source: https://github.com/micropython/micropython-esp32-ulp

(This module is licensed under the MIT License. The full text of the MIT License is available in the LICENSE file.)

4. Adafruit CircuitPython MAX31865

This project incorporates code adapted from the Adafruit_CircuitPython_MAX31865 library.

Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017 Adafruit Industries

License: MIT License

Source: https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CircuitPython_MAX31865

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

5. ADS1115_mpy

This project incorporates code from the ADS1115_mpy library for the ADS1x15 ADC.

Copyright: Copyright (c) 2021, 2023 Matthias Prinke

License: MIT License

Source: https://github.com/wollewald/ADS1115_mpy

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

6. Pimoroni BME680 Python

This project incorporates code from the bme680-python library.

Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016 Pimoroni Ltd

License: MIT License

Source: https://github.com/pimoroni/bme680-python

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

7. MicroPython SHT30

This project incorporates code from the SHT30 library.

Copyright: Copyright 2018 Robert Hammelrath

License: Apache License 2.0

Source: https://github.com/robert-hh/SHT30

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

8. micropython-modbus

This project incorporates code from the micropython-modbus library.

Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2020 brainelectronics

License: GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL-3.0)

Source: https://github.com/brainelectronics/micropython-modbus

License Note: This library is licensed under the GPL-3.0. The full text of this license is available at the source repository. Using this library legally requires the entire combined project (this firmware) to also be licensed under the GPL-3.0.